### Team 17 - Surfside Software

# Meeting - [05/01/24]

[CSE Basement], [3:00]

Notetaker: Jacob Roner

## Members Present

- [x] Jacob
- [x] Melissa
- [x] Pedro
- [x] Peter
- [x] Ruiping
- [x] Ryan I.
- [x] Ryan L.
- [x] Sean
- [x] Sihan
- [x] Sunho

## Agenda

- Brainstorming for the project
- Discussing future meetings
- CIC pipeline assignment prep
- Assign partners for lab 5

## Notes

- Brainstroming needs to be mostly done by friday meeting

  - By the end of the week have our project's first pitch rough draft
    - Do brainstorming and research in Mirro:
      - _Requirments_
      - Basic features
      - general aesthetic
      - presentation form and platform
      - code architecture
      - User stories/Use cases
      - Fatmarker sketches/wire frames
      - Any addition features that are not a priority
  - Keep in these items in minde when brainstorming (pasted from Brainstorming assingment in canvas):

    - Project Pitch - we will produce a project pitch that will be presented to your team mentor for sign-off. We will use the ideas from Shape UpLinks to an external site. to guide this process. Teams looking to get ahead are advised to read this book now.

    - Overarching Decisions - we will eventually capture these as an ADR in markdown Links to an external site.(/specs/adrs will contain an individual document per major decision. There will be some initial ones that have to do with general project plan and approach, but more may be added as the project goes on. The main point of this capture is to explain why choices are made. As brainstorming may have your team settle on choices quickly capturing them in a document may be better than just mental consensus)

    - User Centered Thinking Documents - we will produce personasLinks to an external site., user storiesLinks to an external site., and potentially use cases.Links to an external site. (/specs/users will contain this but user stories chosen will also be represented as issues to work on)

    - System Diagrams - we will eventually capture how your app will be decomposed in C4 diagramLinks to an external site., event modeling diagramLinks to an external site., or UMLLinks to an external site. form

    - Interface Design Documents - we will initially capture "fat marker design" later extended with wireframes and high fidelity prototypes (/specs/interface/rough, /specs/interface/wireframes, /specs/interface/highfidelity These directories may contain single or multitude of documents)

    - Project Roadmap - we will capture a roadmap of how the product will evolve both here in the quarter as well as ideas of how it might grow beyond the time we have with (/specs/roadmap.md)

- During Friday meeting we will make a general decision for project pitch.

- Pedro, Sean, Ryan, and Sunho will work together to do the pipeline assingment.
- Partners for Lab 5:
  - Jacob and Sean
  - Pedro and Ryan I.
  - Sunho and Ryan L.
  - Sihan and Peter
  - Melissa and Ruiping
- Meeting Days:

  - Monday Online: 4-5
  - Wednesdays in person: 3-5
  - Friday Online: 11-12

- Brainstorming done on mirror
  - https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKSR-DSE=/

## Meeting Summary

During the meeting, we decied who the pairs would be for the lab and when we would be meeting next (and in the future). We decided who will be focusing on the pipeline assignment in the future. The last thing we focused on was to a decision on where to start the brainstroming. \*The next group meeting will be online, Friday at 4pm.

**To-Do:**

1. Every memeber must brainstorm individually by Friday meeting (4-5)
   - Fill out mirro board with any ideas/research
2. Skim through Shape Up chapter about pitch book by Sunday (link to book on pitch assignment, chapter in slack)
3. Think about pitch while brainstorming
