### Team 17 - Surfside Software
# Meeting - 05/15/24   
CSB230, 3:00 - 5:00 pm

Notetaker: Ryan Izadshenas

## Members Present
- [x] Jacob
- [x] Melissa
- [x] Pedro
- [x] Peter
- [x] Ruiping
- [x] Ryan I.
- [x] Ryan L.
- [x] Sean
- [x] Sihan
- [x] Sunho

## Agenda
- [x] Checking in with each group to see where everyone is at right now
- [x] Discussing what we plan to get done by the end of the week 

## Notes
- Sean, Peter, Ryan I. worked on localStorage over the weekend, plan to work on having a remote/cloud option with possible Google Drive implementaiton. 
- Sihan's group has implementd some structure to the app, plan on implementing the calendar by this week 
  - 3 Buttons, 3 different pages. 
- Pedro has finished the wireframe of the design for the app, looking for potential feedback from the team before moving onto the figma. 
  - We discussed the specific features of the design, more specifically about the tags for each journal entry. 
  - Also discussed the file creation and deletion aspects of the design, want to have the option to hover over a file and click the delete button. 


## Meeting Summary
- We checked in with every group to see where they are at right now. 
- Dicussed some discrepencies on features we are implementing. 
- Used the rest of the time to work on respective tasks. 



**To-Do:**
1. Have the filestore functionality done by the end of the week.
2. Work on journal and file explore views, create some basic functionality by the end of the week.
3. Move onto figma designs for the application. 