### Team 17 - Surfside Software
# Meeting - 05/22/24   
CSB230, 3:00 - 5:00 pm

Notetaker: Ryan Izadshenas

## Members Present
- [x] Jacob
- [x] Melissa
- [x] Pedro
- [x] Peter
- [x] Ruiping
- [x] Ryan I.
- [x] Ryan L.
- [x] Sean
- [x] Sihan
- [x] Sunho

## Agenda
- [x] Using the two hours productively to work on each component of the app
- [x] Discussing plans for a video submission on 5/26

## Notes
- Split off into our respective groups to work on the journal view, file explore, filestore, and design components. 
- Used the entirety of the time to work 
- Pedro suggested we use his potential UI of the app as a part of our video submission 
- Finished up the backend for the Filestore.js file, local storage should work correctly now. 

## Meeting Summary
- Used the majority of the time to work on the project itself in individual groups
- Finished up the backend for the file storage
- Made some major progress on Journal view, FileExplorer, and fileStore.


**To-Do:**
1. Finishing up our components 
2. Eventually merging them into a working functional product
3. Adding design layers to present the app nicely. 