### Team 17 - Surfside Software
# Meeting - [June 05 2024]
[CSE basement B230], [3pm-5pm]

Notetaker: Sihan Wang

## Members Present
- [x] Jacob
- [x] Melissa
- [x] Pedro
- [x] Peter
- [x] Ruiping
- [x] Ryan I.
- [x] Ryan L.
- [x] Sean
- [x] Sihan
- [x] Sunho

## Agenda
- [x] List the remaining tasks to do
- [x] Discuss how to record the two videos 
- [x] Improve Code style and Code quality
- [x] Testing(Unit test, E2E test, hand test)

## Notes
- Ryan.L will add issue descriptions.
- Add more user stories and user diagrams.

## Meeting Summary
In this meeting, we discussed the recording of upcoming two videos. We assigned the remaining tasks including issue tracking, documentations, code style, repo cleaning, tests and additional features. The remaining features, including draging file function, scratch pads and tabs above markdown section.

**To-Do:**
1. Make sure the commit messages are descriptive
2. Add documentations to improve the code style
3. Adding ADRs(Architectural Docs)
4. Add more tests(Unit tests, E2E tests, hand testing)
